# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****
### Meeting ~ (29.03.2020, hour and half)
****
**Present:** Javid, Atasagun, Hissam, Ahmad, Onur, Tuna   _**Absent:**_ none.

**Discussion:** 
We reviewed the UI and decided on some changes for better good of our project, then we defined each part's functionality, such as buttons, JCmboBoxes, and etc. Then assign each one's part.    

**ToDo:** Javid and Atasagun will do the HomeOptionPanel, Hissam and Onur will do CommentOptionPanel, Ahmad and Tuna will do the "Settings" part.

****
### Meeting ~ (10.04.2020, two hours)
****
We changed some parts of the UI and also changed some functionalities, such as some modifications to the comment part (the way that we view and control it), we discussed new features, such as adding custom comment feature.

****
### Meeting ~ (28.04.2020, two hours)
****
We discussed the finished parts. We realized that some members misunderstood some parts. And because of the poor regulation we had some difficulties coordinating our codes and make communication among classes. So, we talked to each other and some of us explained their part for other members.

****

### Meeting ~ (01.04.2020, an hour)
****
**Present:** Javid, Atasagun, Hissam, Ahmad, Onur, Tuna   _**Absent:**_ none.

**Discussion:** 
Decided to remove two buttons. Replaced one of them with "find" button, but couldn't find any nice replacement for other one yet. Discussed some of the bugs and managed to fix some of them. Further project developments discussed. Decided on name of our project: "Jhub." 

**ToDo:** Javid has to implement the "find" button and its functions, and he should discuss good relacement of other button with Atasagun. Other groups countinue on their part.

****
